#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
appnope==0.1.3
    # via ipython
argh==0.28.1
    # via -r requirements.in
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
attrs==22.2.0
    # via pytest
authlib==1.2.0
    # via data-engineering-common
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
black==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
blinker==1.5
    # via
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-security-too
blis==0.7.9
    # via thinc
catalogue==2.0.8
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   flask-shell-ipython
    #   typer
codecov==2.1.12
    # via -r requirements.in
confection==0.0.4
    # via thinc
coverage[toml]==7.2.1
    # via
    #   codecov
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==39.0.2
    # via authlib
cymem==2.0.7
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
data-engineering-common @ git+https://github.com/uktrade/data-engineering-common.git
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via email-validator
email-validator==1.3.1
    # via
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   flask-security-too
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
flake8==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
flake8-import-order==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
flask==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-security-too
    #   flask-shell-ipython
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
flask-login==0.6.2
    # via flask-security-too
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via flask-security-too
flask-security-too==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
flask-shell-ipython==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
flask-wtf==1.1.1
    # via flask-security-too
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via flask
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipython==8.11.0
    # via flask-shell-ipython
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-security-too
    #   flask-wtf
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   spacy
json-log-formatter==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via spacy
levenshtein==0.20.9
    # via python-levenshtein
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
murmurhash==1.0.9
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blis
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   pandas
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
oauthlib==2.1.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   pytest
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
passlib==1.7.4
    # via flask-security-too
pathspec==0.11.0
    # via black
pathy==0.10.1
    # via spacy
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==3.1.1
    # via black
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
preshed==3.0.8
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
psycopg2==2.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   flake8-import-order
pycountry==22.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.6
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.14.0
    # via ipython
pytest==7.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
pytest-mock==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   freezegun
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
python-levenshtein==0.20.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
rapidfuzz==2.13.7
    # via levenshtein
redis==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   codecov
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   spacy
requests-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   mohawk
    #   python-dateutil
smart-open==6.3.0
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
spacy==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.4
    # via spacy
sqlalchemy==2.0.5.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.40.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
srsly==2.4.6
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
thinc==8.1.9
    # via spacy
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
toolz==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via spacy
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   pydantic
    #   sqlalchemy
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via requests
wasabi==1.1.1
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
watchdog==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   flask
    #   flask-login
wtforms==3.0.1
    # via
    #   flask-security-too
    #   flask-wtf
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
